So that's basically it for testing
an existing site is either AB testing or
prototyping again, basically,
post launch testing and
iteration are probably the most
valuable thing you can do.
In everything I've talked about today that
kind of ongoing makes such a difference.
Having that kind of backlog of friction
points that you add to regularly is
really good.
So rather than just having
them sit in analytics,
you might actually wanna create some
kind of backlog with them all in.
For more minor fixes,
just use a bit of A-B testing.
For larger fixes, consider prototyping and
testing first before you
commit to something.
Very last thing I wanna say,
cuz I haven't said it for a while,
is I've shared a lot of stuff with you,
but just do what you can.
Something's better than nothing.
And if all you do out of every
in this entire workshop is run
a semantic differential survey or
run a first click test.
And that's all you do.
Then that's great.
That's a step forward.
And it's beginning to introduce
those kinds of things.
Personally, I find this kind
of lightweight usability
testing really valuable.
And it saves me time ultimately and it
saves me so much hustle with clients and
stakeholders that I do most
of it out of my own pocket.
I mean, it's got better over the years and
now I've got better at persuading people
to actually part with money for it.
But for a long time I would just do
it because it made my life easier.
And hopefully it makes
your life easier too.
So what we've covered just to
summarise what we've covered today we
looked at a set of principles that
kind of underpin lean, lean UX.
We've looked at doing upfront user
research and how it can be used to create
an information architecture, how we can do
some basic design testing around design.
Comps and in many ways,
I think that's the most valuable
part of everything we've covered.
We talked about opportunities to do
usability testing with prototyping, and
then the real powerhouse that's testing
existing services over the long term.
But as I say on here, and
I 100% mean it, I really enjoy sharing
this kind of stuff with people
because I know how painful it can be
to make testing happen and
how painful the design process can be.
And so if there's anything I can do to
help, by all means, email me anytime my
email addresses in the slides pull up
by google.com and I'll happily answer
questions in six months or a year's time,
it makes no difference to me.
But are there any closing
questions before we wrap up today?
Yes?
>> So early on in the principle section,
you mentioned how to translate
the initial effort into actual
monetary value for the business.
>> Yes.
>> Time or actual money saved.
>> How do you go about doing that?
>> That's a good question.
It's a lot of guesswork, right?
But it is possible more
often than you think.
So let's say, I know,
I'll give you a real,
it's not a real example because
I was making it all up.
I was in Pizza Express one day, which
is like a chain restaurant in the UK.
And the waitress came over to me and
she'd taken our order and
it was taking her forever,
put into an iPad, put this order in.
And my wife could see,
she couldn't now mind read me.
We'd been married so
long and she went, no.
And I was mentally counting how long
it was taking her to place the order.
And when she went away, I said, right.
Let's say she knew, I knew she knew,
and it was one of those weird ones.
But I said, what if we could shave 10
seconds off of it for every order, right?
And then I started making guesses, right?
And it's all guesses, I said, right?
Let's say the average number of
people at a table is four, right?
And let's say they do X number of
servings per day in this restaurant.
Then I looked up on
Wikipedia [INAUDIBLE] life.
I looked up how many
restaurants they have, right?
How many days they're open a year.
And so I could calculate how many seconds
that added up to over a calendar year.
Then I worked on the basis of
how much a person earned, yeah,
I put minimum wage for a serving staff,
and then I could calculate how much
I could save the company by taking
off 10 seconds off of each order.
So all of that was ghetto except for
how many restaurants there were,
in which I looked up,
all the rest of it was guesswork, right?
But that was fine.
And if they turned into a client,
they would have corrected me, and
I would have adjusted those numbers, and
we would have seen whether
the project was still worth it.
But doing that kind of thing
is incredibly valuable,
because it Attaches a monetary
value to what you're doing.
And everything we do will have
some kind of benefit like that.
That was a cost saving benefit.
Sometimes it might be
a customer retention benefit.
So for example,
let's take Frontend Masters, right?
So they've got customer acquisition
that they've got to meet.
And so stuff on their frontend website
would be if you made improvements on
the front end website,
that would help customer acquisition.
So we could say, well, if we could
increase the conversion rate of
people visiting the website
by 1% over a year,
we could calculate how much that would
be worth to the organization, right?
It would be guesses, but
better than nothing, or
we could focus on the back-end app where
people log in and use the courses.
Now we're talking about
customer retention.
So we could calculate, well,
if we could keep people for
a year longer than we were previously,
how much would that equate to into?
In terms of extra profit.
So it's making shit up but but
it's educated making stuff up.
And you're not claiming
these figures are real but
it's starting a conversation about
what the real figures might be.
And it's starting to put tangible
value on what it Is that we're doing.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, go for it.
>> I sometimes see websites and
apps that have a regular
feature to provide feedback.
>> Yes.
>> What's your experience
of the value of that?
>> Sure, so there are two types.
One of my favorites,
I run a lot of one-off surveys.
That's different to what
you're talking about.
But I do find those very valuable.
So one of my favorites to run is a one
question survey, cuz like I said,
I do a lot of conversion
rate optimization work.
So I put one question It only
triggers as a popup on exit intent.
So as people are about to
leave the website, and
it says if you decided not to act today,
it would be great to know why, right?
And here's a load of different options
that one question can be transformative.
So there's that kind of thing.
What you're talking about his
were at the bottom of the pages.
So did you dind this page helpful, right?
That kind of thing.
Is that what you're getting at?
>> Or even there might just be something
like there'll be a smiley face or
a frowny face and just you're.
>> Yeah, that kind of, yeah.
>> It's really open-ended.
>> Yeah, yeah
>> It's not soliciting [INAUDIBLE].
>> So those kinds of things,
they actually have their worth,
but, probably not so much from
a user interface point of view but
more from a content point of view.
I use them a lot when I'm working
to improve the content on a website
because one of the big problems that
happens in a lot of organizations
is that content production is
spread across the organization.
So different departments,
different people,
they own different pages on the website
and they've got to update it.
And it's just an extra part of their
job and they don't care about it.
And so the content is rubbish and
there's no feedback on it or whatever.
But I often create dashboards that
will return the results of those,
was this page useful, smiley face,
happy face kind of thing to
the owners of those pages so
that they can see how their page
is performing versus other people.
Now, suddenly they start caring when
their pages are scoring really bad, but
their colleague in the next
department is scoring really well.
They don't like that, and
that makes them improve their content.
So it can be a good internal motivator for
stakeholders to actually
maintain their content.
That's where I find it most useful.
So yeah, it has its place but maybe less
so from a usability point of view cuz
it doesn't give us a lot
of information to go on.
>> Yeah, I have to say we we actually
implemented virtual assistant
in the mobile application.
And there were two types of
servers that we introduced.
If you close the survey, I'm sorry,
if you close virtual assistant,
you'll be prompted for a survey to say,
how do you like virtual assistant?
So it's feature specific in the mobile
application versus the whole mobile
application.
>> Yeah.
>> And then we had another survey where if
you didn't wanna talk to virtual assistant
or a bot, you wanna talk to a real person,
you can do that.
You say, I wanna talk to a live agent,
which is really a banker.
And then the banker
answers your questions.
And by the time you're done with that
session, inside live agent, you'll be
prompted with a survey that says how I
was working with a banker in live agent.
So there's multiple categories of surveys
that we use to collect whether or
not Is this working for us?
If it's not, what can we do to iterate and
make it better?
But we initially planned for that upfront.
>> I think surveys can be incredibly
valuable if it goes back to what I was
saying earlier, you need to actually
do something with the data.
You see so many people take surveys and
everyone sits around afterwards to go,
ooh, that's interesting.
And then it gets put in a drawer and
forgotten.
And all it's done is annoy users,
[LAUGH] right?
Cuz that's the danger,
you've got a balance the whole time.
But in those kinds of examples,
in especially the second example where
you've dealt with a person, that is
feedback is valuable to that person.
It helps them with what they're doing.
And so in those kinds of cases,
it's really good.
But you got to be careful with surveys
that they're not getting the users aren't
being bombarded with them again and
again and again.
Every time they go on the app,
the survey's there again.
That kind of thing,
you've got to be careful that
they're only seeing it once, etc.
So yeah.
>> There was a new feature that was
made available on the New York Times
app website, or New York Times app that
I use, and it would read the article in
a higher quality voice than the built-in
>> Yeah
>> IOS text-to-speech,
and I had some feedback for them.
And I was able kind of tap
something to say what is this?
And it took me a few taps to get there.
>> Yeah.
>> And I had to type in your message and
I did get a good response but I am curious
like how many people go through that
trouble and and is it I can tell by their
response that they were interested?
>> Yeah.
>> So it must have been some valuable but
I'm curious how valuable is It's like,
how common that is.
>> It's more common than you think.
The only thing you've gotta be a little
bit of aware of with things like
that is that generally speaking
the people that respond to surveys,
either absolutely despise the thing or
absolutely love it.
If you're ambivalent about something,
you don't bother filling in a form, right?
It's only if you really love it or
really hate it.
But presuming you understand that
basic bias, it's worthwhile data.
You get a good number of responses.
In fact, I've got a problem at the moment.
I'm working with a charity where
we're optimizing engagement
funnel where we're sending emails out
to people that agreed to fundraise,
and we've encouraged them to respond,
right?
And actually they've overwhelmed us.
I completely caught me off guard because
we wanna respond to them and we can't keep
up and we were trying to get people in to
respond to all of these these messages.
So sometimes you get the opposite problem.
[LAUGH] That's quite unusual minor.
I've had that for a while.
I should call it day.
Thank you, everybody for for joining.
It's been really nice to
have actual people in here.
Last time I did this we were
kind of the end of COVID and
then it was a bit kind
of me on my own some.
Thank you for those people
that joined online as well and
that have watched the course so
hopefully it's been helpful.
>> [APPLAUSE]